Introduce googling for existing implementations (#408)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: episodes/4-advanced-layer-types.Rmd

::::
:::

::: callout
## Search for existing architectures or pretrained models
So far in this course we have built neural networks from scratch, because we want you to fully understand the basics of Keras.
In the real world however, you would first search for existing solutions to your problem.
The CIFAR10 dataset lends itself extremely well for using existing models, since it is a standard
machine learning problem that is often used in deep learning research.

You could for example search for 'CIFAR10 state-of-the-art Keras', and see if you can find any Keras implementations
of more advanced architectures that you could reuse.
A lot of the best-performing architectures for the CIFAR10 problem are convolutional neural networks or at least have some elements in common.
Therefore, we will introduce convolutional neural networks here, and the best way to teach you is by
developing a neural network from scratch!
:::

::: instructor
## Demonstrate searching for existing architectures
At this point it can be nice to apply above callout box and demonstrate searching for state-of-the-art implementations.

> If you google for 'CIFAR10 state-of-the-art Keras' one of the top search results links to [this repo](https://github.com/Adeel-Intizar/CIFAR-10-State-of-the-art-Model)
> where you will find [this notebook](https://github.com/Adeel-Intizar/CIFAR-10-State-of-the-art-Model/blob/master/CIFAR-10%20Best.ipynb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you google for 'CIFAR10 state-of-the-art Keras' one of the top search results links to [a GitHub repository](https://github.com/Adeel-Intizar/CIFAR-10-State-of-the-art-Model)
containing [a Jupyter notebook containing an implementation](https://github.com/Adeel-Intizar/CIFAR-10-State-of-the-art-Model/blob/master/CIFAR-10%20Best.ipynb).
```

Providing more descriptive link text.
